docs: Add SDK Search reference (#1065)
vtex/faststore: packages/sdk/README.md

# @faststore/sdk

> Docs moved to https://faststore.dev/reference/sdk/overview

Reviewer: What about applying @carolinamenezes' suggestion (in another PR) here also?
```suggestion
For more information, please refer to our documentation https://faststore.dev/reference/sdk/overview
```
